Add AVM indexing documentation (#244)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: build/avalanchego-apis/exchange-chain-x-chain-api.md

}
```

### avm.getAddressTxs <a id="avm-get-address-txs-api"></a>

> Returns all transactions under the specified address. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all transactions that change the balance of the given address.
A transaction is said to change an address's balance if either is true:
* A UTXO that the transaction consumes was at least partially owned by the address.
* A UTXO that the transaction produces is at least partially owned by the address.
```

Note: Indexing (`index-transactions`) must be enabled in the X-chain config.

#### **Signature**

```cpp
avm.getAddressTxs({
    address: string,
    cursor: uint64,     // optional, leave empty to get the first page
    assetID: string,
    pageSize: uint64    // optional, defaults to 1024
}) -> {
    txIDs: []string,
    cursor: uint64,
}
```

##### Request parameters

> * `address`  wallet address.
> * `assetID`  ID of the asset for which the transactions are requested.
> * `pageSize` Number of items to return per page. Optional. Defaults to 1024.
> 
> ##### Response parameters
> * `txIDs`  List of transaction IDs that belong to this address.
> * `cursor` Page number or offset. Use this in request to get the next page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `address`: The address for which we're fetching related transactions
* `assetID`: Only return transactions that changed the balance of this asset. Must be an ID or an alias for an asset.
* `pageSize`: Number of items to return per page. Optional. Defaults to 1024.

##### Response parameters
* `txIDs`: List of transaction IDs that affected the balance of this address.
* `cursor`: Page number or offset. Use this in request to get the next page.
```
